All right, so beyond the basic reason of showing whether or not your script to work with these return
codes here, it helps other programmers because they'll check for it--check for the exit code.
But if your script starts to grow quite complex, you know, you might have--need all sorts of different
error codes.
So like, if a script fails to copy something, it might be the "failed to copy" might be 1.
But if it--
if something didn't exist in the first place, that might equal  2.
So then if somebody has trouble with your script and you have a bunch of these exit codes, you can
tie those to a specific error message and then, you know-- that's basically your documentation.
And then if somebody needs help with your script, you can just say, "what was the exit code"?
And then you go on--search your script for that code and then you can find out right where they're
having a problem.
And then if there's a bug to fix, it can be at the right spot.